Who am I?

am I my name ? my Gender ? my education and degrees? my earnings? my friends?

Or my categorically, my religion or nationality?

Even in interviews I feel confused when someone looking through my profile (I assume so) in there computer screen, ask this, "Tell me about yourself"?

I am really not sure who I am,  rather how to define Self. I can sure tell what I feel at emotional level, what makes me feel comfortable. But that too not to everyone. I am reserved person to open my Mind books to outsiders.

I like all others, have spent  appraisable years in Living what is expected from me.

Good Education, Good Job, Good family & Financial Freedom.  What else you expect?

Early Age kids realise (trained) what gives you appreciation and what give you punishment. That builds your concept of Good and Bad. You then just follow wherever you get appreciation \good vibes and avoid bad\ Punishments. Basically we are trained from day one of our birth. This is how you build your life.

I too build in same way, Spent time in studying getting good grades, reading as it fetched appreciation, getting good jobs as it gave freedom of decision making.

I guess most of the time I was getting ready for social fitment and being Industry ready to earn money.

How do you define yourselves? 

How you define yourselves? What exactly are the parameters do you consider for it?

Lately whenever I try to connect with people find people are judging with spects of being open minded. Give "Gyan" about how money, Job and socially defined life concepts are "Life Sucking".

How travelling leaving yourself in unknown or chasing your passion irrespective of potential for it is Life.

I have no problem with these concepts tehre could be people who find it as "Living".

My concern is people who talk about it and advise you are not "Living" this way, they hold their social Secure Life.

They dont even know me, specially when I am not able to define myself very well.

How Do you take these advices ? Do you feel urge to find true meaning of Life in those moments?

Being Human?

Aah, nothing about Salman Khan. Really, how do we become human?  Human being is social animal.

We definitely are very good "Social" and as well "Animals" ( do you need any proofs looking at common man's anger levels, so called educated being mean and conservative?)

I don't know at all who I am? I don't know what Animal and what social Qualities I do have.

I know I am surviving with the expectations set by close circle.


What I know is I am ordinary, amazed by nature and also by people behaviors, amazed by small kids innocence.

I can understand things when explained. I can reflect on my mistake ( not openly) . I have inner strength to fit socially.

To know me I need to know my Uniqueness. As a Human with great Mind power, emotional Intelligence , and complex neural network what I have achieved.
